DOCS-153 - Docs site domain move (#5557)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/platform-services/automation-service/app-central/integrations/sumo-logic-log-analytics.md

* **Daemon Query**. Enter the query to be executed in daemons.
* <IntegrationTimeout/>
* <IntegrationCertificate/>

> * **API Rate Limit Sleep (s)**. Enter the API rate limit in seconds. If the API rate limit exceeded, wait for 1 second and then attempt a retry, with a maximum wait time of 10. more info at https://www.sumologic.com/docs/api/metrics/#rate-limiting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **API Rate Limit Sleep (s)**. Enter the API rate limit in seconds. If the API rate limit exceeded, wait for 1 second and then attempt a retry, with a maximum wait time of 10. For more information, see [Rate limiting](/docs/api/metrics/#rate-limiting).
```
